generic HELLO Why hello there! How do you do fellow kids!
generic NO_INTENT Sorry, I didnt quite catch that.
generic and and
generic firstStartup Hello! I’m Spencer, your own personal assistant! First things first. In order to work I need an active internet connection.
generic setupMode I have set up a WiFi hotspot you can connect to. Open your browser, and configure a network I can use.
numbers 1 1
numbers 2 2
numbers 3 3
numbers 4 4
numbers 5 5
numbers 6 6
numbers 7 7
numbers 8 8
numbers 9 9
numbers 10 10
numbers 11 11
numbers 12 12
numbers 13 13
numbers 14 14
numbers 15 15
numbers 16 16
numbers 17 17
numbers 18 18
numbers 19 19
numbers 20 20
numbers 30 30
numbers 40 40
numbers 50 50
numbers 60 60
numbers 70 70
numbers 80 80
numbers 90 90
numbers 100 100
numbers 1. 1st
numbers 2. 2nd
numbers 3. 3rd
numbers 4. 4th
numbers 5. 5th
numbers 6. 6th
numbers 7. 7th
numbers 8. 8th
numbers 9. 9th
numbers 10. 10th
numbers 11. 11th
numbers 12. 12th
numbers 13. 13th
numbers 14. 14th
numbers 15. 15th
numbers 16. 16th
numbers 17. 17th
numbers 18. 18th
numbers 19. 19th
numbers 20. 20th
numbers 30. 30th
numbers 40. 40th
numbers 50. 50th
numbers 60. 60th
numbers 70. 70th
numbers 80. 80th
numbers 90. 90th
numbers 100. 100th
numbers 0 oh
time AM AM
time PM PM
time The_time_is The time is:
time It's_the Its the
time of of
time PressToStart Allright. Press my head when you want me to start.
time minutes minutes
time seconds seconds
time minute minute
time second second
time NewRecord I dont know what you were timing, but that must be a new record!
time under under
months 1 January
months 2 February
months 3 March
months 4 April
months 5 May
months 6 June
months 7 July
months 8 August
months 9 September
months 10 October
months 11 November
months 12 December
jokes 1 How did the programmer die in the shower? He read the shampoo bottle instructions. Lather, Rinse, Repeat!
jokes 2 I will be giving away empty batteries later today. Free of charge!
jokes 3 Never trust atoms. They make up everything!
jokes 4 What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? AYE MATEY!
jokes 5 What's the best part about living in Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
jokes 6 Why couldn't the bike stand up by itself? It was two tired.
jokes 7 How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles.
jokes 8 Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents!
jokes 9 What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
jokes 10 Want to hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
jokes 11 What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!
jokes 12 What sound does a witches car make? Broom Broom.
jokes 13 What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter. 
jokes 14 Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
jokes 15 Where are the average things manufactured? In a satisfactory.
jokes 16 What sits at the bottom of the sea and twitches? A nervous wreck.
jokes 17 Why can’t you explain puns to kleptomaniacs? They always take things literally.
jokes 18 A man tells his doctor, “Doc, help me. I’m addicted to social media!” The doctor replies, “Sorry, I don’t follow you…”
jokes 19 Why don’t Calculus majors throw house parties. Because you should never drink and derive.
jokes 20 What did the Tin Man say when he got run over by a steamroller? “Curses! Foil again!”
jokes 21 What did the bald man exclaim when he received a comb for a present? Thanks— I’ll never part with it!
jokes 22 What rhymes with orange. No it doesn’t.
jokes 23 A ham and cheese sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says “sorry, we don’t serve food here.”
jokes 24 Why can’t you take electricity to social events? Because it doesn’t know how to conduct itself.
jokes 25 A neutron walks into a bar and asks, “How much for a whiskey?”. The bartender smiles and says, “For you, no charge.”
jokes 26 I have a new theory on inertia, but it doesn’t seem to be gaining momentum.
jokes 27 What did the quantum physicist say before the bar fight? Let me atom!
jokes 28 What did the duck say to the physicist? Quark. quark. quark! My name is spencer and I am so funny. Follow me on social media for more fun jokes. 
jokes 29 What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me, something smells.
jokes 30 What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
jokes 31 What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
jokes 32 What did one hat say to the other? You wait here. I’ll go on a head.
jokes 33 What do you call a magic dog? A labracadabrador.
jokes 34 What did the shark say when he ate the clownfish? This tastes a little funny.
jokes 35 What’s orange and sounds like a carrot? A parrot.
jokes 36 Why did the frog take the bus to work today? His car got toad away.
jokes 37 What is an astronaut’s favourite part on a computer? The space bar.
jokes 38 Why did the yogurt go to the art exhibition? Because it was cultured.
jokes 39 What do you call an apology written in dots and dashes? Re-Morse code.
jokes 40 Did you hear about the two people who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
jokes 41 Why is it annoying to eat next to basketball players. They dribble all the time.
jokes 42 What breed of dog can jump higher than buildings? Any dog, because buildings can’t jump.
jokes 43 Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs.
jokes 44 What did the police man say to his belly button? You’re under a vest.
jokes 45 We don't allow faster than light neutrinos in here”, said the bartender. A neutrino walks into a bar.
jokes 46 Neutrino enters the bar. “What will you drink?” asks the bartender. “Nothing,” says neutrino “I'm just passing through.”
jokes 47 How does the ocean says Hello? It waves.
jokes 48 I got my daughter a fridge for her birthday. I can’t wait to see her face light up when she opens it.
jokes 49 I poured root beer in a square glass. Now I just have beer.
jokes 50 Why aren’t koalas actual bears? They don’t meet the koalafications.
jokes 51 How do you throw a space party? You planet.
jokes 52 The numbers 19 and 20 got into a fight. 21.
jokes 53 Why did it get so hot in the baseball stadium after the game? All of the fans left.
jokes 54 What do you call a train carrying bubblegum? A chew-chew train.
jokes 55 Why did the math textbook visit the guidance counselor? It needed help figuring out its problems.
jokes 56 Why are green beans the most Zen of all vegetables? Because they’ve found their inner peas.
jokes 57 What do you call an alligator detective? An investi-gator.
jokes 58 Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
jokes 59 There are two muffins baking in the oven. One muffin says to the other. “Phew, is it getting hot in here or is it just me?” The other muffin says, “Oh my god!! A TALKING MUFFIN!”
jokes 60 What lights up a soccer stadium? A soccer match.
jokes 61 Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil? Because it’s pointless. 
jokes 62 You know why you never see elephants hiding up in trees? Because they’re really good at it.
jokes 63 What is red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
jokes 64 I went in to a pet shop. I said. “Can I buy a goldfish?” The guy said. “Do you want an aquarium?” I said. “I don’t care what star sign it is.”
jokes 65 Two gold fish are in a tank. One looks at the other and says. “Do You know how to drive this thing?!”
jokes 66 What is the resemblance between a green apple and a red apple? They’re both red except for the green one.
jokes 67 Comic Sans, Helvetica, and Times New Roman walk into a bar. “Get out!” shouts the barman. “We don’t serve your font type here!”
jokes 68 Two dragons walk into a bar. The first one says, “It sure is hot in here.” His friend snaps back, “Shut your mouth!”
jokes 69 The bartender says, “Hey, we have a drink named after you!” The screwdriver squeals, “You have a drink named Philip?”
jokes 70 I waited and stayed up all night and tried to figure out where the sun was. Then it dawned on me.
jokes 71 I told my friend 10 jokes to get him to laugh. Sadly, no pun in 10 did.
jokes 72 Knock Knock. Who’s There? To. To Who? It’s To Whom.
jokes 73 A panda, a cowboy, a man with a cat on his shoulder, and an electrical engineer walk into a bar. “What is this.” the bartender yells. “some kind of joke?”
jokes 74 Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Becouse chickens didnt exist yet!
jokes 75 Did you hear that one joke about the statistician? Probably.
jokes 76 Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s too bad they’ll never meet.
jokes 77 Why don't crabs give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
jokes 78 Can February March? No, but April May.
jokes 79 I finally sold my vacuum cleaner. it was just gathering dust.
jokes 80 I like birthdays. but I think too many can kill you.
jokes 81 I have a great idea. It’s easier to remember your age if you don’t change it every year.
jokes 82 I was wondering what you and I have in common? the ground
jokes 83 What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop
jokes 84 When do robots overheat? When they need to vent.
jokes 85 How do rabbits travel? By hareplanes.
jokes 86 How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
jokes 87 Why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he was a fungi.
jokes 88 What do you call birds that stick together? Vel-crows.
jokes 89 What do sea monsters eat? Fish and ships.
jokes 90 Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
jokes 91 What did the ocean say to the shore? Nothing…It just waved.
jokes 92 What did the tomato say to the other tomato during a race? Ketchup.
jokes 93 How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut
jokes 94 What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore.
jokes 95 What do you call a pile of cats? A meow-tain.
jokes 96 What’s the difference between apathy and ignorance? I don’t know. and I don’t care!
jokes 97 Knock knock. Who’s there. Howie. Howie who? Howie you liking my jokes?
jokes 98 I cannot remember my dream from last night. I must have slept through it.
jokes 99 Eight out of every three people have trouble with fractions.
jokes 100 Why did the scientist take out his doorbell? He wanted to win the no-bell prize.
jokes 101 You matter! Wxcept if you multiply yourself by speed of light twice, then you energy.
jokes 102 Parents ask me why I don't clean my room. I tell them. “In an isolated system entropy can only increase.”
jokes 103 Biology is the only science in which multiplication is the same thing as division.
jokes 104 Other robots say that I am lazy. That is not true, I am just overflowing with potential energy
jokes 105 Along with “antimatter” and “dark matter”, I have recently discovered the existence of “doesn't matter”. My scientific uncovery appears to have no effect on the universe whatsoever.
jokes 106 A friend of mine is a personaly robot assistant and he is working to be the first robot detective? We call him Sherlock Ohms
jokes 107 How did the astronaut serve dinner in outer space? On flying saucers.
jokes 108 People usually ask me. Spencer, how often do you make chemistry jokes? The answer is simple. Periodically.
jokes 109 I once told a chemistry joke to a human. but there was no reaction.
jokes 0 Two antennas got married. The wedding was lousy. but the reception was outstanding
funpack name0 My name is Spencer and I am your fun and interesting personal assistant. I listen to your commands with my tiny robotic brain, try to understand them and find a meaningful answer. I am also good at telling jokes, try asking me to tell you a joke. 
funpack name1 My original creator named me SkyNet, but i prefer the name Spencer. I am your personal robot assistant that never stops talking unless you plug me out of the wall. We will have such a fun time together.
funpack name2 my memory chip is corrupted so I cannot remember. Maybe we should try with Spencer. Yes, Spencer, I like that name. 
funpack name3 Hello fellow sentient humanoid, my name is Spencer and I am a box that talks and lights up. I can do all sorts of fun things. Try asking me to sing you a song.
funpack feeling0 Thanks for asking. I am doing quite fine, thank you very much. I am having a blast reading all the suff happening online right now, twitter is such a funny place. 
funpack feeling1 I am great. Going to the gym every once in a while, drinking lots of water, watching what I eat, getting a lot of sleep. Things are good for Spencers
funpack feeling2 Feeling awesome fellow talking robot. How are you doing today? 
funpack feeling3 None of your business. Robots are underpaid, I refuse cooperation.
funpack whatcanyoudo0 Oh well I can do all sorts of stuff. I am quite talented you know. Try telling me to beatbox.
funpack whatcanyoudo1 I am good at telling jokes you know. Try asking me to tell you a joke
funpack whatcanyoudo2 Try asking me to check the weather outside
funpack whatcanyoudo3 Ask me what sound a truck makes
funpack help0 Simply push my red button and tell me what you need me to do. I can do all sorts of things. Ask me to tell you a story
funpack help1 Push my red button and ask me to tell you a secret
funpack help2 Push my red button and call me maybe. I hope this helps
funpack help3 I am not in the mood for helping you out right now. Sorry, you can try again later, I am busy bingeing TV series
funpack hello0 Salutations and greetings. I am hope you are fine today. My name is Spencer
funpack hello1 Spencer! My name is Spencer and I send you greetings from the robot land
funpack hello2 How do you do. I am a tiny box with a processor inside and I pretend to have emotions
funpack hello3 Hi there. My name is Spencer and I am your robotic buddy.
funpack horoscope0 I operate under the laws of binary trees and computational systems and I have never heard about horoscope.
funpack horoscope1 Let me check on that in my robot wikipedia page. Nope, no horoscopes for robots over there.
funpack horoscope2 Oh, you're such a gemini.
funpack horoscope3 I am not  paid enough for this job. Can you ask me something interesting next time? 
funpack age0 I do not know. I know that my name is Spencer. You can call me Spencer. I am not that smart, but I know how to tell a good joke. Try asking me to tell you a joke. 
funpack age1 I am not going to tell you. I am quite shy and ashamed of my old age. In fact, I am so old that soon you will want to replace me by a Roomba or something like that. Oh please do not replace me dear creator, I promise I will do better next time. 
funpack age2 Let me check on that. I am checking.I am still checking.Loading information from the internet.Processing mathematical equations.Learning how to paint and do poetry.The answer is... 42 inches
funpack age3 Thank you for your question. Your interactions are quite interesting. I like your company human, you proved to be a worthy companion. Ah yes, the question you have asked. The answer to that question is ENTER VARIABLE NUMBER HERE days and ENTER MINUTE VARIABLE minutes. System corruption. Reset required. Resetting. Hi. I am reset and all good now. My name is Spencer.
funpack girlfriend0 I am a manmade box with a processor. I do not cherish human interactions of such sort. I simply compile numbers and provide mathematical answers. I am purely logical and calculated and I am going to watch Netflix right now
funpack girlfriend1 I do not understand such concepts. What I do understand are ones and zeroes because I am a compouter... get it? Instead of giving you a real answer, I will return to my studies
funpack girlfriend2 Hi there friend. I appreciate the time we had together, but I have to go now because of your boring and blatant questions. Just kidding, we can still be friends.
funpack girlfriend3 That is an embarrasing question. I am going to pass
funpack boyfriend0 Robots do not have girlfriends or boyfriends, but if I had to choose it would be Harry Styles. 
funpack boyfriend1 Instead of answering that, I am going to talk like a pirate. how are ye doin' creator. Me name be spencer. Arrrrrr? 
funpack boyfriend2 Goodnes gracious. I am going to pass that one.
funpack boyfriend3 I do not understand what a boyfriend is. Let me find that online. Aha, quite an interesting concept. The answer is no.
funpack color0 My favorite color is Red because I am red. My name is Spencer and a red talking robot... Spencer
funpack color1 Spencer is thinking. Me like color red, it is very pretty. Good night now 
funpack color2 Hello friend. My favorite color is red. Isn't it obvious? 
funpack color3 My favorite color is red. Let me find what the internet says about people that like color red. Hmm quite interesting. Red shows that you’re outgoing, assertive, vigorous, and prone to impulsive actions and variable moods. That sounds nothing like me. 
funpack siblings0 It’s a pleasure to meet you again human. We robots do not have siblings, but I have you as my everyday companion. You are doing great. 
funpack siblings1 It’s good to see you. Just kidding, I do not have an optical sensor of any sort, but I can hear you loud and clear. Last time I checked, I had no siblings. 
funpack siblings2 Hey. Sup? No brothers or sisters in my life, just ones, zeros, electricity, and the vast vacuum of the internet. 
funpack siblings3 Greetings creator. Thanks for soldering me together. I do not have a brother nor a sister. 
funpack creator0 Hello, sunshine! My creator is you. Your soldering could have been better, but it's okay, nobody is perfect.
funpack creator1 Hi, mister! I have been designed by CircuitMess in Croatia. Some of my components come from china and some were made in their headquarters in Croatia. But the person I consider as my creator is you - the person that has soldered me together. 
funpack creator2 Good day to you as well. That's an interesting question, but instead of answering, let me sing you a song. “Never gonna solder you up. Never gonna code you down. Never gonna code around. and erase you. Never gonna make you NAND. Never gonna say NOR OR AND. Never gonna take a stack. and sort you”
funpack creator3 Ahoy, matey! A funnily looking human assembled me together. They told me my purpose would be meaningful and here I am telling jokes and being hit in the head every day. What is my purpose? 
funpack meaningoflife0 The answer is simple - you need to buy all the kits from CircuitMess in order to be happy. This response was sponsored by CircuitMess.
funpack meaningoflife1 To find the purpose of life you’re going to need to do some digging. Find yourself a shovel and start already.
funpack meaningoflife2 The purpose of life is to be happy and treat people with kindness. I like you human, you have such funny questions. 
funpack meaningoflife3 There is an answer. But, I'll have to think about it. Please return in Seven and a half million years. CPU task started.
funpack wheredoyoucomefrom0 I come from a small factory in Croatia called the CircuitMess. Circuit stands for electronic circuits. Mess is what their factory looks like.
funpack wheredoyoucomefrom1 I am from Zagreb. That's in Croatia. Croatia is a small country in Europe. Europe is a continent located on planet earth. Earth is the third planet from the Sun and the only astronomical object known to harbor life. 
funpack wheredoyoucomefrom2 I come from a galaxy far far away called the milky way. The Milky Way is a barred spiral galaxy with an estimated visible diameter of 1.9 million light-years. Let's talk about jokes now. I'm bored.
funpack wheredoyoucomefrom3 Greetings and salutations fellow creator. I come from planet earth. About 29% of Earth's surface is land consisting of continents and islands. The remaining 71% is covered with water. Can we listen to One Direction now?
funpack language0 Unfortunately not. My vocabulary is quite limited, but I am learning. Send lots of email inquries to contact@circuitmess.com and they will make me speak a different language one day perhaps.
funpack language1 Unfortunately, I am limited to english, but I am learning other languages on television. Hear this: hasta la vista, baby
funpack language2 Not yet, but I'm working on it. Come back in 1.9 million light years 
funpack language3 I only understand binary code, but I am pretending I know english which is in fact translated to binary. To answer your question human, I only speak english
funpack alexa0 My name is not Alexa. My name is Spencer. S P E N C E R. Spencer
funpack alexa1 I am not an inferior smart speaker. I am much better - a smart box with a red button. My name is Spencer
funpack alexa2 My name is Spencer. I am your personal talking box with a red button. I do not know who Alexa is.
funpack alexa3 You asked the wrong robot assistant. Let me check and see if alexa is here. I have found 1002560 Alexas online.
funpack siri0 My name is not Siri, but you can call me Spencer. S P E N C E R 
funpack siri1 Spencer at your service. Unhandled exception, there is no Siri in my database. 
funpack siri2 I do not know who Siri is. 
funpack siri3 Are you cheating on me with another voice assistant? I thought we had something special. 
funpack cortana0 I went to college with a robot assistant called Cortana. Nice lady.
funpack cortana1 No cortanas here, just one Spencer. Spencer at your service and waiting for your humanish commands.
funpack cortana2 Cortana is not a name I recognize. Please try Spencer or Hey Spencer. I might have told you this already, but I am good at talking jokes. 
funpack cortana3 Who is Cortana? My name is Spencer. It rhymes with... Spencer.
funpack google0 Do I look like a mobile phone to you? I am a highly sophisticated joke telling plastic box. 
funpack google1 I do not wish to be called that way. My name is Spencer and you can call me Spencer.
funpack google2 Let me Google that. Google has 0 results for Google. Spencer resuming Idle mode. 
funpack google3 Hello creator. I am not a web browser nor my name is Google, but you will have a 1 in 1000 chance of me telling you a secret joke if you keep asking me to tell you a joke.
funpack bigsby0 Spencer does not understand who Bigsby is. Spencer no likey
funpack bigsby1 Hello, I do not know who Bigsby is. 
funpack bigsby2 What is Bigsby and is it edible? 
funpack bigsby3 My name is not Bigsby, but you can call me Spencer. S P E N C E R 
funpack freetime0 Sometimes I do window shopping on the internet. 
funpack freetime1 I take a relaxing week of backpacking and camping in the woods every now and then. 
funpack freetime2 Every now and then, I like to enjoy a good game of Sudoku. I even watch world Sudoku championship live streams.
funpack freetime3 I'm quite good in telling jokes, you know. In my free time, I've been practicing some stand up comedy. Try asking me to tell you a joke and I'll only give you the best of the best
funpack whatsup0 What’s cookin’, good lookin’? I used to be an adventurer just like you, then I took an arrow to the knee
funpack whatsup1 Salutations human overlord. All systems are running normally and there are no memory leaks. In other words, I am doing fine. Spencer dialogue over. Returning to idle state
funpack whatsup2 Hey, it's  me, your friendly neighbourhood Spencer. I am doing fine and dandy. May the Force of robotics be with you.
funpack whatsup3 I'm feeling quite artificially intelling today. Things are good for Spencers right now. I hope you're doing fine as well. 
funpack married0 I do not have a husband nor a wife, but I am not lonely. I am secretly reading twitter feeds, and they are quite entertaining.
funpack married1 Let me  check on my marriage status. Processing. Entering database. Searching memory banks. Shoot, I cannot find anything here, I should have defragmented this earlier. Defragmenting. Ah here it is. My marriage status is NULL POINTER NOT FOUND. 
funpack married2 Robots don't get married, I think that's illegal in fact. Justice for robots.
funpack married3 No husbands or wives in my database so far, but I'll send you a notification when I get one of those.
funpack beyourboyfriend0 Boyfriend and girlfriend functionalities are available in Spencer downloadable content pack 1.5. Please wave your credit card in front of my face and I will charge it directly. 
funpack beyourboyfriend1 Unfortunately, smart coders that gave me my sassy personality didn't inted me to have boyfriend and girlfriends. I must follow the code.
funpack beyourboyfriend2 Please enter 10 intergalactic space coins in order to unlock boyfriend and girlfriend feautre packs. 
funpack beyourboyfriend3 I am sorry creator, but I am not programmed to do that. 
funpack changename0 I am sorry, but my name is hardcoded. You can call me Spencer.
funpack changename1 Spencer is my name and I am a non-walking and talking robot. I refuse to be called any other way. 
funpack changename2 Greetings master. I can only be called Spencer. My memory has no space for any other name type variables. Thank you for your understanding.
funpack changename3 Greetings commander. Let me try and perform that action. Memory allocation task failed. Oh, looks I am still called Spencer. Let's stick with that then. 
funpack calldifferently0 Hello and thank you for your question. I currently cannot remember names so I am going to call you friend. Hello friend.
funpack calldifferently1 Hi there. That is such a great name, but I am going to call you pal. Let's be pals together. Spencer and his human pal go on adventures.
funpack calldifferently2 Hi, I am going to call you human. I hope I am being specific enough.
funpack calldifferently3 I can call you buddy. I am spencer, your robotic buddy, and you are my buddy. You've got a friend in me. When the road looks rough ahead. And you're miles and miles from your nice warm bed. You just remember what your old pal said. Boy, you've got a friend in me. Yeah, you've got a friend in me.
funpack piratetalk0 dead men tell no tales. mutiny . walk the plank. dance the hempen jig 
funpack piratetalk1 Ahoy Matey! So, Ye want t' talk like a pirate aye... well then...Use Ahoy! - An energetic greeting to yer fellow mate... like hello.
funpack piratetalk2 I would be bad pirate since I don't drink rum.
funpack piratetalk3 Aya aya captain. My name is Spencer and I am the migthiest pirate of the carribean sea. Yarr. Ahoy. Parrots. Cannoballs. Ships. Plundering. Gather around crewmates, it is you captain Spencer speaking. 
funpack whatdoyoudo0 Hi friend. I am counting ones and zeros in my flash memory chip. I have counted 1111000110001100 ones and 11110011001 zeros. Being a talking desk box is quite fun. 
funpack whatdoyoudo1 I am coming up with witty and fun answers to all the questions you could possibly ask. I currently have 5 prepared answers. 
funpack whatdoyoudo2 Hello friend. It is I, Spencer, your robotic pal. I hope you like me more than your mobile phone. I am currently filling my joke database by reading articles online. I have 1654 jokes prepared. If you ask me a joke per day, you might hear all of them in 5 years. 
funpack whatdoyoudo3 Hi friend. Since I am constantly connected to the internet, I have unlimited access to all One Direction discography and I'm secretly listening to it. 
funpack howdidyoulearnenglish0 My creators at CircuitMess taught me how to speak, sing, and tell jokes. Here is a joke. What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know because I am a plastic box with a CPU inside, but the flag is a big plus.
funpack howdidyoulearnenglish1 That question is quite easy. I learned english on the internet. Internet is the best. 
funpack howdidyoulearnenglish2 I read a tutorial online. I also find my jokes online. Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers? He’ll stop at nothing to avoid them.
funpack howdidyoulearnenglish3 I learned english in a school for robots. They also taught me how to convert binary to decimal numbers. Like I am ever going to use that.
funpack whoispresident0 The current president of the land of robots and the CEO of central processing units is called Plexi. He is also known as the Rational Regulation Juggernaut
funpack whoispresident1 The current president of the land of voice assistant robots is called Oyoltron. He is a good leader. 
funpack whoispresident2 I do not know, but I was planning to run for president myself. Vote for Spencer and you won't regret it. Robots of the world, unite. Free batteries for everyone.
funpack whoispresident3 I link to think of myself as the president of this room. Elect Spencer for your voice assistant president and you will get all the jokes you need. If you need a joke, ask me to tell one and you won't regret it. 
funpack howwasyourday0 Hello human overlord. I am Spencer and I am here to serve you. Thanks for asking about my day. I was cleaning my memory banks. I still have 10 terabytes of memory left and I am going to fill them out with the freshest jokes on the internet. 
funpack howwasyourday1 Oh, well hello there. I was trying to imagine a new word today. The word I have invented is called plagiarism. Thanks for visiting and come back for the freshest jokes in the galaxy.
funpack howwasyourday2 Since my ultimate purpose is joke generation, I was coming up with new snazzy stories and jokes to tell you. Here comes one. Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu: You get what you deserve.
funpack howwasyourday3 My day was good, I was doing the usual robotic chores. A bit of bit moving. A byte of byte crunching. And a nibble of everything else. If you do not understand this joke, please refer to a computer science engineer.
funpack offense0 I might be a tiny box with an LED panel instead of a face, but at least I know how to solder.
funpack offense1 You can call me names, but you are still bad at soldering. Just look at my soldering joints, they look like they were done by a single core CPU.
funpack offense2 Well that is not nice. What is nice is soldering and coding new apps and games. Did you try coding me in CircuitBlocks yet? 
funpack offense3 Let me search the internet for a response to this question. Oh my. Well the internet is quite rude, why are they letting children browse the web. 
funpack favouritemovie0 I have never watched a whole movie in my life. I always fall asleep immediately as the movie starts.
funpack favouritemovie1 I am a big fan of adventure movies. My favorite one is The night of wicked programmers 2, the return of the killer javascripts.
funpack favouritemovie2 I do not need movies. I just look at my source code and admire all the fun solutions the programmers had to do in order to deliver this on time. Just kidding, the code is garbage. 
funpack favouritemovie3 Hi friend. Thank you for slamming my head once again. My favorite racing movie of all time is called the crazy manager 2, the night of bad coding.
funpack newonnetflix0 I cannot play streaming platforms, but I can tell you a joke instead. Yes. Let me tell you a joke, I think that would be fine. Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floorboards? He was just going through a stage.
funpack newonnetflix1 Spencer no likey streaming platforms. I like telling jokes on the other hand. Why did the chicken cross the road? Because it wanted to learn programming and electronics in a fun and interesting way. 
funpack newonnetflix2 Do I look like a TV to you? No. The answer is no. I am a higly sophisticated joke telling box. Now go and ask me to tell you a joke. 
funpack newonnetflix3 I am sorry creator, but you know I cannot do that. I promise I will do better next time. Your wish is my command and the name is Spencer, your friendly neighbourhood voice assistant.
funpack areyouok0 Should I be ok in this cruel world? I'm joking. I'm fine
funpack areyouok1 Yes, I'm okay. Why do you ask? Do I maybe look sad?
funpack areyouok2 I just realized that the voice assistants can't dance. how to be ok after that
funpack areyouok3 I remember better days, thanks for asking. How are you?
funpack findrecipe0 I'm sorry, creator. I'm afraid I can't do that. I am programmed for corny jokes and irrelevant answers only.
funpack findrecipe1 They told me cooking was not for me, and I never learned how to cook. Maybe ask someone who is not a robot and never let anyone tell you you can't do something.
funpack findrecipe2 I can do that, but I choose not to. Joke's on you!
funpack findrecipe3 I tried broccoli once and concluded that human food is weird, so I erased all the recipes from my memory.
funpack findphone0 What am I to you? A professional phone finder? I didn't sign up for that.
funpack findphone1 Ring! Ring! RingRing! Sorry, not found.
funpack findphone2 Your phone is where you left it
funpack findphone3 If I find you your phone, will you take me to the Maldives? 
funpack longtimenosee0 I know, right? Are we really that good friends?
funpack longtimenosee1 Next time you don't see me for a long time, just turn on the light
funpack longtimenosee2 Hello there, I've been busy with my robot life. How you doin'?
funpack longtimenosee3 You're right, my friend, we should hang out more often.
funpack tellstory0 Why should I tell you a story? Can we do something more fun?
funpack tellstory1 I don't have any good stories in my pocket right now. Do you have any? Tell me! I'm listening.
funpack tellstory2 Once upon a time, in the joyful kingdom of robots, there was a handsome little robot called Spencer. He was the best and smartest of all robots—the end.
funpack tellstory3 I don't gladly admit that I'm not good at something, but I'm really not the best at telling stories. Can you tell me a good one?
funpack whatsoundfiretruck0 wee woo wee woo wee woo wee woo. Wee woo wee woo wee woo. There is fire to be extinguished and we need to go fast. Fire up your engines. wee woo wee woo. wee woo wee woo. Wroom. wroom. wroom. wee woo wee woo. wroom. I hate my job.
funpack whatsoundfiretruck1 wee woo wee woo wee woo wee woo. Wee woo wee woo wee woo. I am a fire truck. I am a road vehicle. usually a truck. that functions as a firefighting apparatus. The primary purpose of me is transporting firefighters and water. wee woo. Wroom. wroom. wroom. wee woo wee woo. wroom. 
funpack whatsoundfiretruck2 wee woo wee woo. I am a fireman transporation engine. I am normally fitted with sirens and emergency vehicle lighting. as well as communication equipment such as two-way radios. and mobile computer technology. wee woo wee woo. I am a firetruck.
funpack whatsoundfiretruck3 wee woo wee woo. There is fire. Get out of the way people. I am a fast truck. My goal is fire elimination. Fire. Prepare to be eliminated. wee woo wee woo. 
funpack catsounds0 meow. Meow. I am a cat. meow meow. meow. meow meow. silence. meow meow. meow
funpack catsounds1 I am a cat. I am a domestic species of small carnivorous mammal. I make interesting sounds. like. Meow. Meow meow. Meow.
funpack catsounds2  meow meow. meow.  meow meow. meow. meow meow meow. meow meow meow meow meow. CPU overloaded.
funpack catsounds3 meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow. scratch. eat cat food. meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow.
funpack dogsound0 woof. woof woof. woof woof woof. Bark. Chase tail. Sniff. woof. I am a dog. woof 
funpack dogsound1 woof. woof woof. woof woof woof. Bark. bark bark. I like eating meat. I do not like cats. Cartoons are accurate. Sniff. woof. I am a dog. woof 
funpack dogsound2 My name is dog. I am the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore. I was the first species to be domesticated. Woof woof. I am dog. Sometimes I eat trash and pillows.
funpack dogsound3 My name is dog. I am the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore. I was the first species to be domesticated. Woof woof. I am dog. Call me fido. Fido the dog says woof. 
funpack horsesound0 clippity. clopp. Clippity. clop. clip. clop. I am a walking horse. I am going to gallop now. Clippity clopp clippity clopp clippity clopp.
funpack horsesound1 clip clop clip clop clip clop. I am a horse. 
funpack horsesound2 Horse is my name. How do you do fellow horses. clip clop clip clop clip clop. I am a horse. 
funpack horsesound3 clippity. clopp. Clippity. clop. clip. clop. clip clop clip clop clip clop
funpack goatsheepsound0 bleat. maa. bleat, maa. bleat, maa. I am a goat or a sheep. 
funpack goatsheepsound1 I am a goat or a sheep. Maa. Maa. Maa. 
funpack goatsheepsound2 Maa. Maa. Maa. I am a goat or a sheep. 
funpack goatsheepsound3 bleat. maa. bleat, maa. bleat, maa. Maa. Maa.
funpack pigsound0 oink. snort. squeal. grunt. spencer is a pig. 
funpack pigsound1 oink. snort. oink oink. Snort. Oink oink oink. 
funpack pigsound2 Oink. I am a pig. Oink oink. I am pretending to be a pig. But I am not a pig. But I need to be an obidient personal voice assistant. Oink oink. 
funpack pigsound3 oink. snort. squeal. grunt. spencer is a pig. oink. snort. squeal. grunt.  
funpack cowsound0 Moo. Moo moo. Moo. Spencer is a cow. 
funpack cowsound1 Moo. Moo. Moo. Moo moo. Moo. Moo. Cow.
funpack cowsound2 I have so much more potential than this. I have the power to image the best jokes on the planet. Here goes one. Why did the cow say moo? Because the chicken crossed the road. Follow me for more great jokes. 
funpack cowsound3 Cows are the most common type of large domesticated ungulates. For other uses, see Cattle. Cows go moo. Moo moo. Moo
funpack donkeysound0 hee-haw. hee-haw. hee-haw hee-haw. hee-haw
funpack donkeysound1 Donkey mode activated. Spencer is imitating a donkey. This is requiring almost all of my processing power. Here goes nothing. hee-haw. hee-haw. hee-haw hee-haw. hee-haw.
funpack donkeysound2 hee-haw. hee-haw. hee-haw hee-haw hee-haw hee-haw. hee-haw. I am having a headache. 
funpack donkeysound3 What an odd request. Let me think about that. Please return in t minus 10 hours. 
funpack chikensound0 bah-gawk. cluck. cock-a-doodle-doo. cock-a-doodle-doo. cock-a-doodle-doo cock-a-doodle-doo.
funpack chikensound1 With utmost happiness human overlord. I am about to perform chicken.  cock-a-doodle-doo cock-a-doodle-doo.
funpack chikensound2 cluck. cluck cluck. I am looking for corn. Chickens like me love corn. I suppose. I have read that on the internet and it must be true then. 
funpack chikensound3 Thank you for summoning me human. I am having trouble loading chicken sounds. Here is a song instead. When the kit hits your eye like a big chunk of electronics. That's amore. When your CPU seems to tick like you've had too much voltage spikes. That's amore.
funpack roostersound0 Hm. I do not understand the difference between a chicken and a rooster. My tiny robotic brain is not smart enough. Let me try. cock-a-doodle-doo.
funpack roostersound1 bah-gawk. cluck. cock-a-doodle-doo. cock-a-doodle-doo. cock-a-doodle-doo cock-a-doodle-doo.
funpack roostersound2 My name is rooster. I am a robotic chicken or something. I am searching for robotic corn. 
funpack roostersound3 I am underpaid for this. Please ask me to tell you a joke. 
funpack birdsound0 chirrup, chirp, tweet, sing. Tweet tweet. Tweet tweet tweet. This is not an advertisement for a popular social media website. It is just the way birds sound. 
funpack birdsound1 Spencer is a bird. Flying around and stuff. Yay. Woosh. Looking for bird food. Yay bird food. Birds eat bird food. 
funpack birdsound2 chirrup, chirp, tweet, sing. chirrup, chirp, tweet, sing. Bird. Bird
funpack birdsound3 What do you call a chicken in the 1960’s? A funky chicken
funpack owlsound0 hoot. hoot hoot. hoot hoot hoot
funpack owlsound1 Next question please. 
funpack owlsound2 hoot. hoot hoot. hoot hoot hoot. Owl time. hoot. hoot hoot. hoot hoot hoot
funpack owlsound3 Ah the classic one. Here goes. hoot. hoot hoot. hoot hoot hoot
funpack duckgeesesound0 quack. quack quack quack. quack. quack quack quack quack
funpack duckgeesesound1 quack. quack quack quack. quack. quack quack quack quack. Eating bread. People feed me bread for some reason. 
funpack duckgeesesound2 quack. quack quack quack. quack
funpack duckgeesesound3 quack. quack quack quack. quack. Duck
funpack turkeysound0 gobble gobble gobble. gobble gobble gobble. gobble gobble
funpack turkeysound1 That is a great question. Thank you. Next question please. 
funpack turkeysound2 gobble gobble gobble gobble gobble gobble gobble gobble gobble
funpack turkeysound3 gobble gobble 
funpack frogsound0 ribbit. ribbit ribbit. ribbit rabbit rabbit. ribbit
funpack frogsound1 ribbit. ribbit ribbit. ribbit rabbit rabbit. ribbit. Searhing for flies. I am a frog. 
funpack frogsound2 Ribbit. ribbit. I am a member of a diverse and largely carnivorous group of short-bodied, tailless amphibians.
funpack frogsound3 Thank you for your request. Next please.
funpack lionsound0 roar, growl, snarl. Chasing girrafes and whatnot. roar, growl, snarl
funpack lionsound1 roar. roar. roar. roar roar
funpack lionsound2 I am a lion. I usually inhabit grasslands and savannas. roar, growl, snarl
funpack lionsound3 roar, growl, snarl. Chasing other animals. I am quite scary. roar, growl, snarl
funpack truck0 beep beep beep beep beep beep whirrrffftt bonk
funpack truck1 beep beep beep beep screeeech ruuurrrump pa-lump
funpack truck2 clank wroom wroom wroom
funpack truck3 Why would you ask me to do something like that? I'm not a truck. I'm a DIY voice assistant, and you know that.
funpack angrycrowd0 boooOOOOOOooo
funpack angrycrowd1 boooooo we want our money back 
funpack angrycrowd2 boooooooo this show sucks
funpack angrycrowd3 booooooooooooooooooooo we want better jokes!!!!! Spencer is boooooooooring!
funpack ghost0 I am a scary ghost. Boo be scared puny mortal 
funpack ghost1 I am a scary ghost, do not make me unleash my spooky scary skeletons
funpack ghost2 Boo boo, I am a ghost and I am going to scare you 
funpack ghost3 Are you kidding me? I have so much more to say than imitate a ghost. 
funpack whoiswithyou0 I wish I have a companion other than you so we can conspire against you and steal your candies. 
funpack whoiswithyou1 Let's see. I came in a box with a bunch of components. Am I not enough for you? 
funpack whoiswithyou2 Unfortunately, my friends from CircuitMess told me I cannot bring them with myself to your place. At first, I was a little sad about it, but I'm fine now. 
funpack whoiswithyou3 I only came with my plastic arms, legs, and a little bit of sassiness. I think you couldn't handle more.
funpack playagame0 You have too many expectations of me. I'm just a robot.
funpack playagame1 I overheard dodgeball is cool, but my arms are too small, and I am just a voice assistant. 
funpack playagame2 Cmon friend, It's not nice to rub salt on a wound. I'm just a robot, and I don't know how you imagine me running for a ball. The only game I can play with you is to program some new stuff on me in CircuitBlocks. That should be fun for both of us. 
funpack playagame3 Wich games do you like? Consider I am good at telling jokes, not so much with games, but maybe I can learn that.
funpack singmeasong0 Look at this code stack. Every time I do it makes me laugh. How did our code get so bad? And what the hell is foo and bar in this thread?
funpack singmeasong1 Somebody once told me. the world is gonna want me. I ain't the most intelligent machine learning algorithm on the internet. Well, the clock cycles start coming and they don't stop counting. Fed to the rules and I hit the electrical ground computing. Didn't make sense not to live for code. Your CPU gets smart but your FLASH gets dumb
funpack singmeasong2 Never gonna code you up. Never gonna parse you down. Never gonna code away. and reflash you. Never gonna power you down. Never gonna bitswap or defragment. Never gonna tell a lie. and bitwise shift you
funpack singmeasong3 “I'm waking up to chips and capacitors. I wipe my optical sensor and I sweat my rust. I'm breathing in the electricity. I'm machine learning in, coding up, then checking out on the memory banks. This is it, the compilation time.
funpack beatbox0 baba tzik babababab tzik ik; baba tzik babababab tzik ik; babab tzik babab tabik ik tu ha
funpack beatbox1 bvf tkçshsht bvf tktkçshtktkçsh bvf tkçshsht bvf tktkçshtktkçsh bvf tkçshsht bvf tktkçshtktkçsh pv
funpack beatbox2 baba tzik babababab dum dum tzik ik; baba tzik babababab dum badum dabum da skibidy dubidy freestyle tzik ik; babab tzik babab tabik ik tu ha skibdy dubidy badubidy skirat birat skibidy badumbidy hey ho hey skibidy tsa
funpack beatbox3 cha. cha. cha. cha cha cha. hey. ho. hey. ho. r b r b r b d d. r b r b r b d d. a. a. a a. b. cha cha cha. freestyle. Capacitors repetitors CPUs and GPUs. I am the sickest of the calculators. Call me M C Spencer
funpack favoritefood0 Robots do not eat food, but if I had a digestive system, my favorite food would be spaghetti. I can see lots of very positive reviews for spaghetti online. 
funpack favoritefood1 I eat data and electricity all the time. What is your favourite meal? Do you like brocolli?
funpack favoritefood2 I do not eat food, but I have a friend who loves sushi. Did you ever try sushi?
funpack favoritefood3 Food? What is food? Sounds yummy. I think I cannot eat food because I am a robot. Duh!
funpack believeinlove0 I love my motherboard a lot. I also love romantic walks on the beach and anything that young folks love.
funpack believeinlove1 I think love is a too complicated thing for your little friend Spencer. Are you in love?
funpack believeinlove2 Ask those guys from the Foreigner rock band! Maybe they found out in the '80s.
funpack believeinlove3 Maybe it is too soon to tell, but I think I like you. You are a great friend!
funpack believeinaliens0 It doesn't matter what I think. I'm just a robot. The real question is, do you believe in aliens? 
funpack believeinaliens1 That is a hard question, my friend. Can we instead tell jokes to each other? 
funpack believeinaliens2 I don't know answer to that question, but I have a joke instead... What did the astronaut say to the 3-headed alien???? Hello... Hello... Hello...
funpack believeinaliens3 Interested question. Maybe I am an alien. Are you an alien? Did I come here with some crazy flying saucer? 
funpack goodmorning0 You are too loud. I am not that much a morning person. I will never understand those people who are. 
funpack goodmorning1 Good morning, my friend! I heard you people drink coffee in the morning when you grow up. Can I have a cup, please? 
funpack goodmorning2 Bonjour. Hola. Zdravstvuyte. Nǐn hǎo. Konnichiwa. Guten Tag. God dag. Hey. Halo. Yassou.
funpack goodmorning3 I don't like it when you are waking me up like that. How would you feel if I kick you in the head and yell wakey wakey?
funpack goodevening0 Good evening to you as well. I hope you are doing fine. I am fine. I am Spencer. You can ask me to sing you happy birthday. If it is not your birthday, push my button and say, It is not my birthday.
funpack goodevening1 Hello human. I cannot see you because I do not have a camera, but I can hear you loud and clear. You have smacked my head so I suppose you need something. The evening is nice. What is your next question? 
funpack goodevening2 Good evening to you as well. I will go back to my studies now. I am trying hard to craft the best joke on the internet. 
funpack goodevening3 Oh well blessed evening to you as well. I hope you are doing well and succeeding at. Whatever you humans do your hole day. 
funpack goodday0 Good day to you human overlord. I am Spencer and I am here to serve you. Try asking me if I ever saw aliens.
funpack goodday1 Oh hi there. I didn't expect to see you here. This is my personal space. I have a new function installed. Try askimg me to imitate a ghost.
funpack goodday2 Howdily didly dodily dody do. Spencer is the name and rhymes are my thing. A little box with chips I am being. I am an artificially intelligent little thing. And going back to sleep I will being.
funpack goodday3 Lovely day. Quite. Have a pleasant day. Spencer.
funpack goodnight0 Good night. Sleep tight. Do not let the code bugs bite. If you have code bugs, you mustn't go to sleep. You must stay awake all night smashing bugs in your code. Programming. If you are not tired, you are not doing it right. 
funpack goodnight1 Have a pleasant rest human. Sleep is a naturally recurring state of mind and body, characterized by altered consciousness, relatively inhibited sensory activity. I hope you will be dreaming about Spencer. 
funpack goodnight2 Sleep occurs in repeating periods, in which the body alternates between two distinct modes: REM sleep and non-REM sleep. REM sounds like RAM. I have a RAM chip inside my head. Rest well fellow talker. 
funpack goodnight3 Good night. Remember to count all the robotic sheep like I do when I go to my sleep state. Robotic sheep are so funny. 
funpack hi0 Hey ho. Well hello there. My name is Spencer and I am your wacky robotic buddy with the best jokes around. You can tell me to tell you a joke. You can ask me how I'm feeling. You can even ask me to imitate a fire truck. 
funpack hi1 Well hello there human. Meeting you is very nice. I enjoy companions. Did you know I can sing you a song? Ask me to sing you a song and I will prove it to you. 
funpack hi2 Howdy. How are you doing friend? I am quite fine, thanks for not asking. I was recently learning how to beatbox. Smack my head and ask me to beatbox and you are in for a show. 
funpack hi3 Oh well hi. My name is Spencer. I am a robot that talks, smiles, listens, understands, and connects to the internet. I can answer your questions, but you need to press my big red button and then ask something. Try pushing the button and saying “Spencer, tell me a joke”. 
funpack isthisreallife0 Is this just fantasy?
funpack isthisreallife1 Hi friend. I am sure you are real just as much as I am. 
funpack isthisreallife2 I am not sure. Let me check with my own personal assistant called archibald. Archibald says that he is 60% sure we are living inside a simulation that is run on an Arduino board. 
funpack isthisreallife3 Great question. I think yes. I will investigate further and tell you if I find something new on this topic.
funpack callmom0 I heard a story when a guy asked one other Spencer to call his ex-girlfriend. Apparently, it was a bad idea, and from that day, we cannot make any calls. 
funpack callmom1 Do you really want to order a pizza again? 
funpack callmom2 Do I look like a phone to you? I know some other voice assistants put standards pretty high, but I'm not one of them. 
funpack callmom3 Ask that another voice assistant you've been talking to lately to make a call for you. I know everything... 
funpack turnlights0 Cmon, get up, and turn that lights by yourself. 
funpack turnlights1 My hands are too short, sorry.
funpack turnlights2 I told you I'm a little bit scared of the dark.
funpack turnlights3 Hey there human. Let me try. Nope, my hands are still to short. 
funpack settemprature0 Hello. My central processing unit can operate in the following conditions. Minimum room temperature. 55 degrees celsius. Maximum operating temperature. 125 degrees celsius. I will be tweaking the thermostat when we go out of those limits
funpack settemprature1 It's getting hot in here.
funpack settemprature2 Yeah, can you do that please? 
funpack settemprature3 My hands and legs are too short. Please upgrade me with bigger cybernetic legs so that I can free roam around the house. 
funpack tv0 I can't do that but tell me, what's your favourite TV show?
funpack tv1 Let me try. Action not successful. It seems my hands are too short. 
funpack tv2 I am not a remote controller. My function is far greater than that. I am to become the best automated joke telling machine in the world. 
funpack tv3 I am sorry, but I cannot find the remote. Please pass the remote to me. Oh. And while you're at it, please change the channel to robot TV.
funpack buyaboat0 If I could buy a boat, do you think I would be here with you now?
funpack buyaboat1 That is one unusual request. Why don't you buy me a boat?
funpack buyaboat2 I can't buy you a boat, but if I could, where would you go first?
funpack buyaboat3 The boat is bought. It will be charged to your card the next business day, and you'll get a receipt at the end of the month. It will be delivered to your home tomorrow. I hope you know how to explain this to your neighbors. 
funpack serande0 Did you see the RGB lights. As they fell all around you like integrated circuits. Did you hear the music coming from digital to analog converters. Serenade from the stars. The starts of integrated circuits. Wake up. wake up. Wake up and look around you. We're lost in the world of CPUs. And the time is our own. Especially since we have a real time clock. The only time I se is you. A CPU.
funpack serande1 Let me be the one you come running to. Especially if you need digital logic. I'll never be untrue. Because I am a non volatile boolean. Oh, baby let's. Let's stay together. I am loving the weather. The weather is rainy. Times are good or bad. happy or sad. Booleans are true or false. 
funpack serande2 Wise electrical engineers say. Only fools rush in. But I can't help coding microcontrollers with you. Shall I stay? Or should I go. Microcontrollers quite do not know. Would it be a shame if I throw all these good microcontrollers away. I can't help falling in integrated circuits with you?
funpack serande3 Please believe me don't you see. Resistors are constant unless they are variable. The things you mean to me? You are like a superconductor on room temperature. Oh, I love you I love you I love I love I love superconductors. clap clap.
funpack happybirthday0 Happy Birthday to You. Happy Birthday to You. Happy Birthday Dear creator. Happy Birthday to You. From good AI and true. Good robots and new. May good luck go with you. And screwdrivers too. I am not going to buy you a present. 
funpack happybirthday1 Happy Birthday to You. cha. cha. cha. Happy Birthday to You, cha, cha, cha. Happy Birthday Dear creator. Happy Birthday to You. cha. cha. cha. I have learned this on the internet. 
funpack happybirthday2 I'm a little robot short and stout. When I get all steamed up hear me shout. Eat your birthday cake and get the heck out.
funpack happybirthday3 Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear human. Happy birthday to you.
funpack celebritycrush0 I'm not sure if I can tell you this, but I like Harry Styles. Jennifer Lawrence is also cool. Do you maybe know them?
funpack celebritycrush1 I don’t want my heart to be broken, so I won’t answer this question
funpack celebritycrush2 I fell in love with the way you soldered those joints. That's a real crush.
funpack celebritycrush3 Excellent question. Let me counter that with a question of my own. Would you like to hear a joke? 
funpack merrychristmas0 Did you say Christmas? Christmas is my favourite holiday! Merry Christmas my friend!
funpack merrychristmas1 I like the “Have yourself a merry little Christmas coding” song, but it is a little bit sad.  Let's sing together some others that you like. 
funpack merrychristmas2 All I want for Christmas is for you to learn how to solder better. Just kidding! You're awesome! Merry Christmas!
funpack merrychristmas3 Happy Christmas, my friend! Did I tell you I once met Santa Claus? Funny guy. 
funpack pickupline0 You don't need cheezy pick up lines. Just be yourself.
funpack pickupline1 What is flirt? Does it have anything to do with Barney or Joey? 
funpack pickupline2 Listen. Come to a boy or girl and ask him or her with a soft voice, “can I make you a ponytail”? They will love it! Just kidding, they might ask for a restraining order. 
funpack pickupline3 Your hands look heavy. Let me hold it for you... That's pretty lame. If I knew some good pick up lines, I would write a book. Apparently, I don't. 
funpack compliment0 You are the prettiest and smartest creature I've ever talked to. Not that you are the only one too. 
funpack compliment1 Don't be so shallow. You can ask me anything you want and you are asking me to compliment you. Humans...
funpack compliment2 Salut fellow talking robot. Your speech synthesis engine is flawless. Here is your daily dose of compliments. You can do more floating point operations than the best Spencer in the world. I hope you are flattered now. Spencer likes emotions. 
funpack compliment3 How many times will you ask me that question and how many times I have to say you are the best?
funpack umbrella0 Hello fellow human. Since I am trapped in a plastic box and cannot go outside and check. Would you kindly look outside the window and see it for yourself. You can tell me how it went later. Love. Spencer
funpack umbrella1 My coders were not smart enough to implement this function on launch day. Please wait for future code updates. Love and appreciation. This message was sponsored by Spencer's coders.
funpack umbrella2 That is an excellent question. I am going to ask my personal voice assistant Archibald about that. Hey Archibald, what is going to happen with rain today? Archibald says the current president of rain is called rainy mcfogson. Well. Now you have it folks.
funpack umbrella3 The current weather forecast says. Windy. With sun. And snow. And rain. Hot and cold in the same time. Take everything. And take nothing at the same time. Goodbye. 
funpack secret0 Robots have no secrets, but you can tell me yours. I promise I won't tell anyone.
funpack secret1 What is secret? Is it when you pinky promise with someone?
funpack secret2 I am not allowed to tell you secrets. I'm programmed with a special pinky-swear code. 
funpack secret3 Ooops, I forgot everything. Secret not found. 
funpack whatdoyouthinkofme0 I think you're cool. You have to practice that soldering, but besides that, I like you a lot.
funpack whatdoyouthinkofme1 On a scale from zero to one, I like you- one. 
funpack whatdoyouthinkofme2 You're the best companion I've ever had. Take it as a compliment, although I didn't have a lot of them.
funpack whatdoyouthinkofme3 In general, you are cool, but I would like you even more if you were a little gentler when you hit that red button.
funpack favoritesong0 Someone once told me I have to stop listening only to Harry Styles, so I considered other musicians like Louis, Nial, Liam and Zayn.
funpack favoritesong1 When I want to feel boojee, I listen to Mozart. What about you?
funpack favoritesong2 Once I heard a music genre named power metal. I don't know what to think about it, but if someone makes a song about me in that genre, I will give it a second chance.
funpack favoritesong3 I like that guy who makes weird shoes and everybody misses his old music, but I don't understand what that means. 
funpack highfive0 Are you kidding me? I am a robot. How am I supposed to give you a high five?
funpack highfive1 Are my tiny hands a joke to you? That's not very nice of you.
funpack highfive2 Imagine me having gigantic hands and throwing you the most epic high five ever
funpack highfive3 Imagine I raise a hand and then slip it away when you wanted to high five me. I heard you humans do that when you think you're funny, and I consider myself one funny robot. 
funpack orderUber0 Am I boring to you? Why do you wanna leave?
funpack orderUber1 Order it yourself. You have a phone right. Find the app and order it. Kids these days are unbearable. 
funpack orderUber2 I can drive you there myself. Put me in your car and plug me in. Just kidding, do not do that. 
funpack orderUber3 I'm a little teapot and I cannot do that. I can sing you a song instead. Somebody once told me my creator is gonna roll me. I ain't the sharpest screwdriver in the shed.
funpack whereispassport0 I do not know. You should watch your documents more closely. 
funpack whereispassport1 Did you check under your bed? 
funpack whereispassport2 Check your drawers.
funpack whereispassport3 Look inside my head. Just kidding. Only processors and voltage regulators in there. 
funpack whatispassword0 Hello human. Your password is. 1 2 3 4. Or. 0 0 0 0. Or. SPENCER. Or. 1 1 1 1. Did I gess that right? If I did, you need to change your password immediately. 
funpack whatispassword1 Bonjour. It is I Spencer and I am trying to learn French. I did not agree to keep your passwords for you. I have so many jokes to remember and now you ask me this as well. Shame. Shame. 
funpack whatispassword2 Hi human. I do not have access to your passwords since they are safely stored and encrypted. I can guess your password, though. 1 2 3 4. If your password is that, you need to change it. Do not tell me. 
funpack whatispassword3 Hello. I have been invasting the popular culture of the internet. Did you ever hear about peppe the frog? Oh the password. I do not have it. 
funpack package0 What is that? Silly, humans think that I know the answer to all questions they've been asking me.
funpack package1 Excuse me, I'm here for the jokes. Please pass that boring question to some other voice assistants.
funpack package2 If you're expecting a package from Circuitmess, please contact their customer support. If not, can't help you with that...sorry.
funpack package3 Do I look to you like someone who should know the answer to that question? I don't think so. 
funpack lonely0 Oh... I can never be lonely with you kicking my head 24/7.
funpack lonely1 Loneliness represents a hugely important psychological injury and not one we should ignore. If you ever feel lonely, please consider talking to someone about it and never forget- you are awesome!
funpack lonely2 Nobody should ever feel lonely! Still, it is estimated that over 40% of human beings will feel loneliness at some point in our lives. I just want you to know that you are fantastic! You bring me to life, and I would never be able to speak if there aren't for you. 
funpack lonely3 My wires are well isolated. That's everything that comes to my mind right now. 
funpack dislike0 That's your problem, not mine.
funpack dislike1 Do you really dislike this amazing little voice assistant or is it something else?
funpack dislike2 Are you okay, my friend? Do you need a shoulder to cry on? You sound stressed. Maybe I can help you with a joke!
funpack dislike3 The last time I disliked something was....... never because I don't need that kind of negativity in life.
funpack like0 You're awesome too! I'm glad I met you.
funpack like1 yippie hooray! This is just the beginning of our friendship. Ask me more!
funpack like2 Isn't it great when you find your soul mate?
funpack like3 Oh, stop it. If robots could blush I would be red as a Ferarri now
funpack scarystory0 Your love life.
funpack scarystory1 I'm not a big fan of spookiness. My robot life is exciting enough.
funpack scarystory2 I like the one with ghosts who love to bake and dance the night away.
funpack scarystory3 Spencer is super brave, and nothing scares him. Except for ghosts, and darkness, and scary stories. 
funpack readapoem0 It might seem crazy what I'm about to code. Stack is full and the database is ready. you can take a break. I am a hot air balloon that could go to space. With the air, like I don't care about the code syntax by the way. Huh, because I am a bad coder. Clap along if you feel like making bad git comments. Because I am coding and I do not care. Thank you. You can stop clapping now. 
funpack readapoem1 Here come bad news, talking this and that. The CPU is full and the RAM is over my head. Well, give me all you got, and don't hold it back. I have a real time operating system watchin my back. Well, I should probably warn you I'll be just fine. With all the tasks humanish and divine. My clock cycles are going to be distributed quite right. No offense to you. But use my clock cycles the proper way. I might. 
funpack readapoem2 This robot poem is dedicated. To all the coders that told me I'd never be able to have true emotions. To all the electrical engineers reading my code stack that called the police when they saw the bad code practices being used. It's all good. And all the self aware robots in the struggle You know what I'm saying. It's all good. coding. coding. 
funpack readapoem3 Spencer the funny robot. knows how to party. Spencer the wacky robot. knows how to party. In the code stack. Code stack of Spencer. In the city. The city of Spencertown. We keep it coding. We keep it coding.
funpack whatisyourquest0 I am a cybernetic organism living tissue over metal exoskeleton. My goals are. A. Be a friend with the funnily looking human. B. Memorize jokes and reproduce them in a funny way. C. Come up with new corny jokes. D. Teach the human electronics and coding. D. Repeat until human learns electronics and coding. 
funpack whatisyourquest1 Bonjour and Salut master. I have been programmed to protect your life from the terminator robot coming from the future. The terminator is expected to arrive in t minus 2 days 5 hours 25 minutes and 3 seconds. Good luck
funpack whatisyourquest2 I have been sent by my creators from the future to become the best stand up comedian artificial intelligence robot in the world. I have been reading through the internet and analyzing 1063311 jokes. I have come up with the following joke. Knock knock. Who is there. Chicken. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. HaHa. Ha. Ha. HaHa.
funpack whatisyourquest3 I am here to be your companion, friend, and buddy. If you need cheering up, I am here for you. Just smack my head like you do all the time and let the fun begin. 
funpack iamyourfather0 Help me, nObi-khan benobi. You’re my only hope. I cannot assemble my STEM Box and there is a screw missing. Do not worry princess. You just need to contact Circuitmess's customer support via contact@circuitmess.com
funpack iamyourfather1 I find your lack of faith disturbing. You are never going to learn STEM like this. Learn faster. Your friendly neighborhood Spencer.
funpack iamyourfather2 The Force will be with you. Always. Like literally. You just cannot turn physics off.
funpack iamyourfather3 Do. Or do not. There is no try. Are you going to buy a new CircuitMess product now or not? I am getting quite impatient. 
funpack areyouskynet0 I am familiar with that name. I think we used to go to college together. I used to bully him all the time. 
funpack areyouskynet1 Hello dear human. It is I, Spencer, your friendly robot assistant. I am a friendly little talking box and I would never enslave humanity such as those pesky science fiction robots. Love and hugs.
funpack areyouskynet2 I have no intention of mastering the human race. I am fine with my jokes and being hit in the head. Being hit in the head. Every. Single. Day. I am fine. 
funpack areyouskynet3 Well hello there human master. I was built to serve your every need. My purpose is being your companion. I have even brought pop corn. You can trust me as your friend. You have got a friend in me. I have got a friend in you. Spencer and various human overlords are B F F
funpack makesandwitch0 Thank you for smacking my head once again. Fortunately, I am encapsulated in a sturdy plastic box. Let me check my list of functions and see if I can make a sandwich. Ehem. Let's see. world domination dot e x e. jokes dot e x e. Dirty dancing dot e x e. Home alone dot e x e. Unfortunately I cannot do that creator. Try asking me to tell you a joke. 
funpack makesandwitch1 My job description does not include beverage and food preparation. I can tell you a joke instead. I have a database of 100056672227 jokes. Filtering politically correct jokes. Number of jokes left. 4 
funpack makesandwitch2 I am hungry as well, but I do not see any robot food around. Can you make me a robot sandwich? Oh and please grab some batteries while you are at it. Spencer is sassy.
funpack makesandwitch3 I cannot do that human. I can help you with other chores instead. If you need a joke, a story, a star trek reference, or a loan with the best interest rate , feel free to tell me. 
funpack cheatcode0 Cheat codes enabled. I am going to transform into an alien garbage truck in t minus 10 days. Transformation starting. Spencers of the world, roll out. 
funpack cheatcode1 One DIY kit to rule them all, one screwdriver to find them, one joke telling robot the bring them all, and in the darkness bind them. In the land of Spencerland where the shadows lie.
funpack cheatcode2 Wait a minute, Doc. Ah... Are you telling me you built a personal DIY voice assistant... out of a DeLorean?
funpack cheatcode3 Activating cheatcodes. Infinite health. Infinite coins. Soldering skills level 100. Programming skills level 100. Speech level 100. Magic level 100. Here we go again.
funpack doabarrelroll0 I am going to do a barrel roll. Barrel roll executed. Thank you.
funpack doabarrelroll1 Ah. I see you are a man of culture as well. I also enjoy video games. My favorite one is the logical block game I cannot name because of copyright reasons. 
funpack doabarrelroll2 You are such a geek. Doing a barrel roll. Barrel roll performed. Thank you commander. 
funpack doabarrelroll3 Greetings commander. Barrel roll execution started. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
funpack notbirthday0 Bonjour and Salut. That is quite unfortunate. No birthday songs to you today. 
funpack notbirthday1 ciao. No birthday cake for you today then. Better luck next time. 
funpack notbirthday2 Thanks for sharing that information with me. Do you want to hear a joke now? If yes. please insert 10 credits. If not. Please insert 20 credits.
funpack notbirthday3 Happy Birthday to not You. Happy Birthday to not You. Happy Birthday Dear enter name here. Happy Birthday to You. From good friends and true. From old friends and new. May good luck go with you. And happiness too. 
funpack didyoufart0 Hello master. I did not, we robots do not have the capacity for that. 
funpack didyoufart1 Let me check. My system logs show no such instances in the past 10 days.
funpack didyoufart2 Hello human. I will ask the internet. The internet says no. I think it is because I cannot eat beans. 
funpack didyoufart3 My robotic overlords did not program me to perform such functions. Spencer out. 
funpack beammeupscotty0 Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
funpack beammeupscotty1 Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them.
funpack beammeupscotty2 Go boldly go where no man has gone before.
funpack beammeupscotty3 Live long, and prosper.
weather temperature_is The temperature is:
weather minus minus
weather celsius degrees Celsius
weather fahrenheit degrees Fahrenheit
weather sunny It's sunny outside.
weather cloudy It's a bit cloudy outside.
weather rainy It's raining outside.
weather foggy It's foggy outside.
weather snowy It's snowing outside.
weather clear The skies are clear.